The Joe Rogan experience.
You have no idea what I've gone through my life from
the fistfights to the arguments, to the Beatons.
I still remember my mother taking me into a restaurant bathroom and holding me
in a what's that when they get to the one guillotine and she's punching
him, she shot you up. Yeah. What? Penicillin? Oh my God. Because.
My, when I was a kid, I was so sick.
She got you in a headlock and shot you up better to me where the needle
listened to me top of his head, Cubans Cuban,
doctor Dr. [inaudible]. He made house calls. Okay. Uh,
he came over. He would come.
Into the room and this is very funny.
Cause I'm going to tell you how hysterical red X's hereditary
is crazy. Your kids get what you got now. He would come over.
Now, Dr. Del valley did a bump from time to time. Well, this.
Is what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about 19 68, 69, please.
This goes on.
Well, he come over, I lived on 12, five west, 88th street.
He bring a little thing and him and my mom would talk to my stepdad and
then somebody else would be there like a check that would help my mom.
And sure enough, he would come over. But at the mom and my,
and then look at me and say, Jose Antonio, I have to give you a needle.
And I go, give me five minutes. Let me think about it.
And he and my mom would go, what's going on? He has to think about it.
I swear to God, you don't take that needle. I'll kill you.
So then they would go on the Paula to put on Cuban music.
And I would like put cartoons on, like it was another ever evitable.
And then he would, he would have like two drinks.
Like how old are you doing this? Five, six.
He would have two drinks and he'd come back. And he goes, are you ready yet?
And I'm like, I'm not ready.
So for years they call me [inaudible] that means it's got to hurt.
They wouldn't have to cold me down and give me a shot.
So then.
My step father, mom.
The babysitter and my mom and my mom would be like,
I'll knock you out. Stop crying. You.
Be a man. Stop it. But my.
I would have an allergy to a certain penicillin.
So the next day my temperature would go up.
So he was such good friends of my mom. He goes, listen,
this is a con continuity thing. Why don't I just leave you with a penicillin?
Put in the refrigerator.
I'll give you a couple of syringes and we'll he gets sick. Just stick them.
Wow. We were at a restaurant. I was going to sacred art school for boys.
And my mother was dropping me off at five o'clock.
We went to a fancy white people restaurant next to Carney,
New Jersey. I'm talking violins like white people in the seventies.
This isn't like now like, ah, these are very conservative white people.
And um.
This is the double whammy of the day.
You ready? I don't like milk.
And my mother used to look under my eyelids.
I don't like milk till this day. I don't drink milk.
You didn't like the taste of baby? Nothing. I must, I, I,
I drank [inaudible] and one day I got old enough.
And I just didn't like milk,
but that my Cuban people have this thing that they look on the eyelids and
my mom would go your, your week somewhere.
So she would make me drink milk or whatever for what a restaurant. Okay.
And I'm like, my mom's like, drink your milk. I go,
I want Hershey's chocolate.
You know the powder those days we were either the chocolate powder or the
strawberry. Yeah. I wanted the strawberry, the chocolate, the, my, the guy goes,
listen, we don't have that. What I'll do is put a piece of ice cream.
It will give me a milkshake.
You know what? This did. He got a glass of milk.
And he put ice cream on the thing, like a scoop of ice cream.
So my mom's like drink the milk. I go, it's just milk with a nice cream.
Mother. My mom was like, I'm a no move for you today.
I'm going to drop you off at the school, but you're going to drink that milk.
When a white people restaurant.
Do you understand me? And cut 1972.
Mum goes, you got about five minutes to drink that milk.
I had my little military Sunali, my little Catholic student.
Cause I had to bring you back with a suit. My mom goes,
if you don't drink and I'm going to pour it over your head in this restaurant.
And I was like, I'm telling you right now, I ain't going to drink.
My mother took the milk, jumped on my
ice cream and sat on my head. I had milk dripping.
And then the ice cream slowly melted off my head
on my lap. White people were like, what the? Kind of discipline?
So my mom's like wipe your face. So when she wipes my face, Joe Rogan,
she goes, do you have a temperature?
Cause I was such a sickly kid. She goes, you gotta.
How long have you been walking around with this temperature? She goes,
let's go in the bathroom. You're still at the restaurant.
We're still in the restaurant. I go, she goes, she goes,
she carried it around with her. You had, that was that simply a kid.
I was at the hospital every other week. They knew we had a first name basis.
That is crazy. Wow. She took me in the ladies room, locked the door,
take your pants off. I'm not doing it. Take your pack.
HOSA Antonio, please. Don't make me give you a beaten in this bathroom store.
I'm not doing it. And that's when the beating started.
And she got me in one of those things. She unzipped my pants.
She punched me in the stomach. Oh yeah.
She wasn't grind the dog. And she was to me that thinking about it.
Now I could get a blood clot.
Because my from me tightening.
Up, we got like a purple thing all the way down my leg.
Like I'm lucky. I'm alive. I'm lucky. I'm alive. God.
Oh my God. I was in Jersey city. One time I fainted. I'm a nurse.
I my pants. The nurse comes. I the bed. Yeah.
This is my first time ever. No, I the bad guys. I'm you tainted?
No, no, no.
They put me in the hospital at night for a lung infection in the middle of the
land. I was so scared. I the bed and there was a rubber bed.
So the PIs don't go into the mattress. You just swimming in your own pace. So.
Finally at five in the morning I get.
Out of this juice. And I'm just sitting in a chair, looking out the window.
And this lady comes in with a little and she's like Jose Diaz. I'm like, yes.
She's like, I'm here to draw blood. I go, listen. I just the bed.
I'm scared. was come back. I'm like, now let me get my head together.
What are you going to bother me with a needle is shaping me.
And she's talking about, well, the doctor says we have to do it right now.
I don't care what the doctor's telling you. Let's get some pajamas.
Let me take a shower. Let me get battled. Let me eat some breakfast. She's like,
no, we gotta do before breakfast.
She's breaking my balls constantly. Now we got to do before breakfast. I'm like,
you want to needle.
You want to get me a needle. Let's go.
I got so mad. I don't even know where I got at that time. I didn't have balls,
but this aggravated me so much. She wanted to see what I was telling them.
I pumped. I'm going to go down. I'm.
Telling you, I'm going to go down. You know what this said to me, she goes,
then don't sit down, stand.
Up. It's better. If you stand up, let's go down the hallway.
And the noise will distract you. You won't get that scared feeling. I said,
this is not going to end like this was not leaving without my blood.
So you want my blood? I'll give it to you. I got up. Let's go.
We went outside to the hallway. She put the toolbar on my,
she had a little cart. I'll never forget. 1979. She got a little card.
She put the thing around me. All I know is she stuck the needle.
And next thing you know, I'm hearing sirens. Okay.
Carla's tipped over. I'm on top of the car.
And she's under the cart and they've got two aluminum.
Maybe those things they cracked, then they knocked you out.
Saw it my nose directly. Like the wake me up. They couldn't get me up.
They just put them in my nose.
Let me tell you about that 13 day experience.
Something. I'll never forget. That shocked me through that day.
I still remember it from September.
They let me out the day Ali lost to Larry Holmes. Oh God,
28, 19 79. They let me out at two,
I went into that set a party.
Fresh from the, with the bracelet.
On, you know what I'm saying? Like, I didn't even take the brace off.
There was a party for me, the whole thing.
We were up.
But one thing I remember about that experience was the third night I was there.
How scared I was and the guy next to me was an old man. And I go, Hey,
what's your name? He's like a towel. He's like Sal, like on Sal.
What's going on with you? He goes, well, I had a stroke.
And the side of my body that had the stroke is decide that develops the
from having a hard time. Shin. I go really?
And I'm blowing the fortune the whole night.
It's a two man bed. He's in there dying.
He he's just farting a two man batch, a two man room. Oh.
Okay. Okay. And they had a curtain in between. I don't know if his name is Sam.
I'm just making this up. But whatever his name was, he was a very nice man.
And he had a family and they'd come in at night. He goes, yeah.
Ooh, Ooh, my stomach or hug, you know,
the whole thing. And they tried things on them.
I remember one night they were like, that's it.
You really shouldn't tonight. You're doing surgery in the mall. The doc,
I'm listening to.
That. You know, you can hear if they're talking to the guy next door.
And I'm like, I wonder what the they going to do to this?
They came with like a ghost bus. It's a gun. It was like.
A gun. And they had a tube in it and they put him in his hole.
I'll never forget this having my little black and white ITV and just sitting
there watching.
TV. And you're like, Ooh, all of a sudden they started squirting water in his,
like an animal hose. Jesus. And they didn't have PPE.
The started.
Coming up and the was coming out of his and they're like, run, run.
The nurse came and got me. They were like holding me. Like I was,
they thought I was like biggie getting shot. They was smothering me.
That was coming out of the Beverly hillbillies.
How the oil come out of the floor
that they did everything they could.
Because I knew they think that like I was on a call, like whatever.
Then that got DACA webinar. Who do you call when they're not cleaning up?
There's somebody you call like, uh, they make code.
Who are the people who make code? Like what would make code? I don't know.
They had like rub my shoulders and PPA.
I'm at a protection agency. Yeah. Whatever the.
They knew that they didn't come in with the right protection. They just came in.
Like, we'll try and see if this works. When they stuck in his, his blew up.
They didn't know what was going to work. They were like,
maybe it's not going to work. So, you know, they came in very normal.
And when they shot the cocaine gun with the water up, his
started coming everywhere. It was like a volcano. I'm not kidding.
You I'm not see it. The curtain was open the car smell. It was like,
what the going on? And they was shooting him with water up his,
like with a hose. Oh cool. The nurses get towels,
get towels. And they threw tiles down. And that night I had my own room.
I'm in there.
By myself. Like Mr. Diaz was sorry about that. I'm like,
don't worry about nothing. I won't say nothing. They gave you your own room.
They got me in a single room. Well told him right.
Where you smoking? No, he's like this, like a dark. Oh, okay.
I didn't know if they were like this Joey Diaz. Like that's when he wins.
I had like a bad lung infection and they pretty much asked me to leave
13 days. Why'd they ask you to leave because it was too much. What do you mean?
My friends were coming in with cases of beer. Oh, there you were partying.
What did they pack? Whoever would come in with a case of nips,
remember six o'clock. They allowed him to bring beer.
They didn't allow my friends to do anything. They just did it. Oh.
And then one night they got thrown out and they started throwing furniture out
the window at Christ hospital. Oh boy.
Girls used to come in there at night to see me. I was like a stud.
When you were in high school and you get sick, everybody comes to see you.
You know? I can't be Stripe is I knew from grammar school, it was Jersey city.
So the good old days, they just social media. They just drew me the out.
They were like, you know what? It's time for you to go. Yeah, you'll be fine.
Go see your doctor. I never went to see a doctor again. I took acid that night,
September 20. It was late. Larry homeless walk, mom and Ali.